[DOCS-8575] documenting special assertion (#25339)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/browser_tests/actions.md

[1]: /synthetics/guide/email-validation
[2]: /synthetics/browser_tests/actions#use-variables
[3]: /synthetics/guide/testing-file-upload-and-download/#testing-a-file-download

> #### Test number and target of requests
> 
> Create this assertion step to have your browser test the number of HTTP requests that are made to a specific URL regex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Test HTTP Request Count

Create this assertion step to test the number of HTTP requests made to a specific URL pattern. Enter the expected request count and the target URL regex to test against.
```
